Adding docs for syncable exports (#1691)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_exporting-the-library-environment-syncable.adoc

[id="Exporting_the_Library_Environment_in_a_Syncable_Format_{context}"]
= Exporting the Library Environment in a Syncable Format

> You can export contents of all Yum repositories in the Library environment of an organization to a syncabe format that you can use to create your custom CDN and synchronize the content from the custom CDN over HTTP/HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export contents of all Yum repositories in the Library environment of an organization to a syncable format that you can use to create a custom CDN.
```

ifdef::satellite[]

> You can then serve the generated content via a local webserver on the importing  {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then serve the generated content over HTTP or HTTPS from a local webserver on the importing  {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization.
```

> You cannot directly import Syncable Format exports. Instead on the importing {ProjectServer} you would need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot directly import Syncable Format exports. Instead, on the importing {ProjectServer}, perform the following steps:
```

Shouldn't this be a "procedure" or something?  (Docs experts will know better..)

* Copy the generated content to an HTTP/HTTPS webserver that is accessible to importing {ProjectServer}
* Update your CDN configuration to *Custom CDN*
* Set the CDN URL to point to the web server
* Optionally set a SSL CA Credential if the web server requires it
* Enable the Repository

> * Synchronize the Repository.

Reviewer: Aren't some of these steps done on the upstream server, and others on the downstream? Seems like it's glossing over this.

endif::[]

ifndef::satellite[]
You can use the generated content to create the same repositories in another {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization via content import.

> On import the products and repositories are mirrored on your downstream {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: Does this apply if we only have syncable exports and not syncable imports?

endif::[]

You can export the following content in a syncable format from {ProjectServer}:
* RPM repositories
* Kickstart repositories
* File repositories
You cannot export Ansible and Docker content.

ifndef::satellite[]

> You cannot export DEB repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot export DEB repositories.
```

endif::[]

The export contains the following data:

* Directories containing the rpms, *listing* files and metadata of each repository in yum format that could then be used synchronize in the importing {ProjectServer}.

.Prerequisites

To export the contents of the Library lifecycle environment of the organization, ensure that {ProjectServer} where you want to export meets the following conditions:

> * Ensure that you set download policy to *Immediate* for all repositories within the Library lifecycle environment you export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that you set download policy to *Immediate* for all repositories within the Library environment you export.
```

For more information, see xref:Download_Policies_Overview_{context}[].
* Ensure that you synchronize Products that you export to the required date.
* Ensure that the user exporting the content has the `Content Exporter` role.

.Procedure
. Use the organization name or ID to export.
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-export complete library \
--organization="_My_Organization_" \
--format=syncable
----

> . Optional: Verify that the exported content is located in the export directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Verification
```
This is how we do this now, right? :smile:

[id="Exporting_the_Library_Environment_Syncable{context}"]
= Exporting the Library Environment in a Syncable Format

> You can export contents of all Yum repositories in the Library environment of an organization to an archive file from {ProjectServer} in syncable format.

Reviewer 2: Does this only apply to Yum content?

Author: Yum, KS and File

You cannot directly import Syncable Format exports. Instead on the importing {ProjectServer} you would need to
* Copy the generated content to an HTTP/HTTPS webserver that is accessible to importing {ProjectServer}
* Update your CDN configuration to *Custom CDN*
* Set the CDN URL to point to the web server
* Optionally set a SSL CA Credential if the web server requires it
* Enable the Repository
* Synchronize the Repository.
endif::[]

ifndef::satellite[]
You can use the generated content to create the same repositories in another {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization via content import.
On import the products and repositories are mirrored on your downstream {ProjectServer}.
endif::[]

You can export the following content in a syncable format from {ProjectServer}:
* RPM repositories
* Kickstart repositories
* File repositories
You cannot export Ansible and Docker content.

ifndef::satellite[]
You cannot export DEB repositories
endif::[]

The export contains the following data:

* Directories containing the rpms, listing files and metadata of each repository in yum format that could then be used synchronize in the importing {ProjectServer}.

.Prerequisites

> 
> To export the contents of the Library lifecycle environment of the organization, ensure that {ProjectServer} where you want to export meets the following conditions:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

* Ensure that you set download policy to *Immediate* for all repositories within the Library lifecycle environment you export.
For more information, see xref:Download_Policies_Overview_{context}[].
* Ensure that you synchronize Products that you export to the required date.
* Ensure that the user exporting the content has the `Content Exporter` role.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> .Export the Library Content of an Organization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Procedure
```

> . Use the organization name or ID to export.

Reviewer 2: See above.

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-export complete library \
--organization="_My_Organization_" \
--format=syncable
----

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
